docs: changelog for v0.16.0 (#1082)
tendermint/starport: changelog.md

# Changelog

## `v0.16.0`

### Features:

> - Added ability to pass a genesis file and peer address to `starport network chain join`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to pass a genesis file and peer address to `starport network chain join`
```

> - Added ability to show genesis or peer list with a flag in `starport network chain show`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to show genesis or peer list with a flag in `starport network chain show`
```

Reviewer: did you want to mention which flag?

Author: ```suggestion
- Added ability to show `--genesis` or `--peers` list with a flag in `starport network chain show`
```

Maybe like that?

> - `protoc` is now bundled with Starport CLI

Reviewer: what's the benefit of bundling protoc?

Author: Good question! With `protoc` bundled you don't have to install it manually, and Starport no longer has any dependencies, except Go.

Author: This has been the biggest pain point when trying to install Starport.

> - Starport is now published automatically on the Docker Hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starport is now published automatically on the Docker Hub
```

Reviewer: I remember hearing about this, what does this mean? was it not published before? or only manually published? what changes are required to see/manage this?

Author: Every time we merge changes into `develop`, image of Starport is published on Docker Hub automatically (this wasn't the case before). "How to" on this is something we need to include in the docs: https://github.com/tendermint/starport/issues/1017

> - Added Keplr extension support to the web app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keplr extensions are supported on web apps created with Starpot
```

Author: Changed "extensions" to "extension" (it's a single thing) and "Starpot" to "Starport".

> - Added IBC relayer support to the web app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IBC relayer support is available on web apps created with Starport
```

> - Added to scaffold a type without CRUD operations with `--no-message` in the `type` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New types without CRUD operations can be added with the `--no-message` flag in the `type` command
```

Reviewer: what is the benefit of types w/o CRUD?

Author: When you want a type, behavior of which doesn't match standard CRUD operations.

Author: E.g. it's not an "object" you can create/delete, but something else that you can send/process/[any other verb].

> - Added ability to scaffold a packet without messages with `--no-message` in the `packet` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New packet without messages can be added with the `--no-message` flag in the `packet` command
```

Reviewer: again, I'm curious about the benefit.

Author: When it's a packet that you don't directly send from the CLI, but use from another module, for example. Again, advanced use-case.

> - Added `docs` command to read Starport documentation on the CLI

Reviewer: oohhhhh I love this and would love to know more

Author: Try running `starport docs` 🙂

# Changelog

## `v0.16.0`

### Features:

- The new `join` flag adds the ability to pass a `--genesis` file and `--peers` address list with `starport network chain join`
- The new `show` flag adds the ability to show `--genesis` and `--peers` list with `starport network chain show`

> - `protoc` is now bundled with Starport CLI so installing Starport is easier

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `protoc` is now bundled with Starport CLI. You don't need to install it anymore.
```

- Starport is now published automatically on the Docker Hub

> - `starport relayer` `configure` and `connect` commands now use the TypeScript relayer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `starport relayer` `configure` and `connect` commands now use the [confio/ts-relayer](https://github.com/confio/ts-relayer) under the hood. Also, checkout the new `starport relayer lowlevel` command.
```

> - Added automatic OpenAPI generation by default available on port `1317`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An OpenAPI spec for your chain now automatically generated with `serve` and `build` commands. Console is available at `localhost:1317` and spec at `localhost:1317/static/openapi.yml` by default for the newly scaffold apps.
```

### Features:

- Added the ability to pass a genesis file and peer address to `starport network chain join`
- Added ability to show genesis or peer list with a flag in `starport network chain show`

> - `protoc` is now bundled with Starport CLI

Author: Yes, 1086 already reflects this change (no dependencies).
